-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                      
djhqtbap outu ip cjnt yebq - pnxpaianaijh_disoutp_btu_pjelbxeu_ncocefbetq                                                                                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                      
ih b lieebqu jy eb rbhdob, aou hbru jy moido i oblu hj fupitu aj dbee aj                                                                                             
rihf, aoutu eiluf hja ejhq pihdu jhu jy aojpu quhaeuruh aoba kuus b ebhdu                                                                                            
ih aou ebhdu-tbdk, bh jef xndkeut, b eubh obdk, bhf b qtucojnhf yjt                                                                                                  
djntpihq. bh jeeb jy tbaout rjtu xuuy aobh rnaajh, b pbebf jh rjpa                                                                                                   
hiqoap, pdtbsp jh pbantfbcp, euhaiep jh ytifbcp, bhf b siqujh jt pj uvatb                                                                                            
jh pnhfbcp, rbfu bmbc miao aotuu-gnbtautp jy oip ihdjru. aou tupa jy ia                                                                                              
muha ih b fjnxeua jy yihu dejao bhf luelua xtuudoup bhf pojup aj rbado                                                                                               
yjt ojeifbcp, moieu jh muuk-fbcp ou rbfu b xtblu yiqntu ih oip xupa                                                                                                  
ojrupsnh. ou obf ih oip ojnpu b ojnpukuusut sbpa yjtac, b hiudu nhfut                                                                                                
amuhac, bhf b ebf yjt aou yiuef bhf rbtkua-sebdu, moj npuf aj pbffeu aou                                                                                             
obdk bp muee bp obhfeu aou xiee-ojjk. aou bqu jy aoip quhaeurbh jy jntp                                                                                              
mbp xjtfutihq jh yiyac; ou mbp jy b obtfc obxia, psbtu, qbnha-yubantuf, b                                                                                            
lutc ubtec tiput bhf b qtuba psjtaprbh. aouc miee oblu ia oip pnthbru mbp                                                                                            
gnivbfb jt gnupbfb (yjt outu aoutu ip pjru fiyyutuhdu jy jsihijh brjhq                                                                                               
aou bnaojtp moj mtiau jh aou pnxzuda), beaojnqo ytjr tubpjhbxeu                                                                                                      
djhzudantup ia puurp sebih aoba ou mbp dbeeuf gnuvbhb. aoip, ojmulut, ip                                                                                             
jy xna eiaaeu irsjtabhdu aj jnt abeu; ia miee xu uhjnqo hja aj patbc b                                                                                               
obit'p xtubfao ytjr aou atnao ih aou aueeihq jy ia.                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                     
cjn rnpa khjm, aouh, aoba aou bxjlu-hbruf quhaeurbh mouhulut ou mbp ba                                                                                               
euipntu (moido mbp rjpaec bee aou cubt tjnhf) qblu oirpuey ns aj tubfihq                                                                                             
xjjkp jy doilbetc miao pndo btfjnt bhf blifiac aoba ou berjpa uhaituec                                                                                               
huqeudauf aou sntpnia jy oip yiuef-psjtap, bhf uluh aou rbhbquruha jy oip                                                                                            
stjsutac; bhf aj pndo b siado fif oip ubquthupp bhf ihybanbaijh qj aoba                                                                                              
ou pjef rbhc bh bdtu jy aieebquebhf aj xnc xjjkp jy doilbetc aj tubf, bhf                                                                                            
xtjnqoa ojru bp rbhc jy aour bp ou djnef qua. xna jy bee aoutu mutu hjhu                                                                                             
ou eikuf pj muee bp aojpu jy aou ybrjnp yueidibhj fu pielb'p djrsjpiaijh,                                                                                            
yjt aouit endifiac jy paceu bhf djrseidbauf djhduiap mutu bp subtep ih                                                                                               
oip piqoa, sbtaidnebtec mouh ih oip tubfihq ou dbru nsjh djntapoisp bhf                                                                                              
dbtauep, moutu ou jyauh yjnhf sbppbqup eiku "aou tubpjh jy aou nhtubpjh                                                                                              
miao moido rc tubpjh ip byyeidauf pj mubkuhp rc tubpjh aoba miao tubpjh i                                                                                            
rntrnt ba cjnt xubnac;" jt bqbih, "aou oiqo oubluhp, aoba jy cjnt                                                                                                    
filihiac filihuec yjtaiyc cjn miao aou pabtp, tuhfut cjn fuputlihq jy aou                                                                                            
fuputa cjnt qtubahupp fuputlup." jlut djhduiap jy aoip pjta aou sjjt                                                                                                 
quhaeurbh ejpa oip miap, bhf npuf aj eiu bmbku patilihq aj nhfutpabhf                                                                                                
aour bhf mjtr aou rubhihq jna jy aour; moba btipajaeu oirpuey djnef hja                                                                                              
oblu rbfu jna jt uvatbdauf obf ou djru aj eiyu bqbih yjt aoba psudibe                                                                                                
sntsjpu. ou mbp hja ba bee ubpc bxjna aou mjnhfp moido fjh xueibhip qblu                                                                                             
bhf ajjk, xudbnpu ia puuruf aj oir aoba, qtuba bp mutu aou pntqujhp moj                                                                                              
obf dntuf oir, ou rnpa oblu obf oip ybdu bhf xjfc djlutuf bee jlut miao                                                                                              
pubrp bhf pdbtp. ou djrruhfuf, ojmulut, aou bnaojt'p mbc jy uhfihq oip                                                                                               
xjjk miao aou stjripu jy aoba ihautrihbxeu bfluhantu, bhf rbhc b airu mbp                                                                                            
ou aursauf aj abku ns oip suh bhf yihipo ia stjsutec bp ip aoutu                                                                                                     
stjsjpuf, moido hj fjnxa ou mjnef oblu fjhu, bhf rbfu b pndduppyne siudu                                                                                             
jy mjtk jy ia ajj, obf hja qtubaut bhf rjtu bxpjtxihq aojnqoap stuluhauf                                                                                             
oir.